W-23195209-Add-new-features-to-ACB-docs-CP (#665)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/vibes-get-started.adoc

This visibility helps you understand the resource cost of generation activities and manage usage across sessions.

[[skills-in-mulesoft-vibes]]
== Skills in MuleSoft Vibes

xref:vibes-skills.adoc[Skills] are reusable instruction sets that load when your message matches a skill's description. For information about skills and MCP tools, see xref:vibes-skills.adoc[].

If you use Claude Code, see xref:vibes-skills.adoc#install-mulesoft-skills-in-claude-code[Install MuleSoft Skills in Claude Code].

[[mcp-connector-in-ACB]]
== MCP Connector in Anypoint Code Builder

> Anypoint Code Builder uses an MCP connector to maintain compatibility with MCP integrations to keep tool-driven workflows reliable across supported scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Code Builder uses xref:mcp-connector::index.adoc[MCP Connector] to maintain compatibility with MCP integrations to keep tool-driven workflows reliable across supported scenarios.
```

Author: Great! Thanks!
